[DOCS] Add docs for Google Drive and AWS connections (#580)
neuroinformatics-unit/datashuttle: docs/source/pages/get_started/set-up-a-project.md

Finally, your password to the central server will be requested (you will
only need to do this once).

:::
::::

(new-project-gdrive)=
### Connecting to central storage through Google Drive

Another common method of connecting to a central storage machine is via
[Google Drive](https://drive.google.com).

To set up Google Drive connection
we need to provide:

1) **gdrive_client_id:** This is the the client ID that allows you to connect to Google Drive.

> 2) **gdrive_root_folder_id:** This is the folder ID of the root folder you want to setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) **gdrive_root_folder_id:** This is the Google Drive folder ID of the project folder. This is the alphanumeric code in the Google Drive URL when located in the folder (after the `/folders/` part).
```

connection to.

> 3) **central path**: This is the path to the project *relative to the root folder*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) **central path** (optional): This is the path to the project *relative to the root folder*. If not provided, it is assumed the `gdrive_root_folder_id` points directly to the project folder.
```

Read about setting up your google drive client [here](https://rclone.org/drive/#making-your-own-client-id).

> 

Reviewer: I just realised that every time you change the `gdrive_root_folder_id` you need to re-run `setup_google_drive_connection`. Here we could use a [warning admonition](https://pydata-sphinx-theme.readthedocs.io/en/stable/examples/kitchen-sink/admonitions.html#caution) to inform users of this
